---
title: 'Luke 5:27-32'
description: 'Jesus comes not to call the virtous, but sinners to repentance.'
pubDate: 'Feb 17 2024'
heroImage: '/Luke5-27-32.jpeg'
---

### Follow me

Look beyond one's occupation, appearance, past and condition but treat them with love. Love God and love our neighbors lead us away from wrongdoing but lack of love can cause us to sin and sin creates more sins. 

Having simple conversations when we encounter the people we are reaching out to can help us be aware of their hurt. Listening can lead us to a better dialogue in order to know them better. Listening to others can help them to listen to us too. People who are in trouble, sin without awareness of it or choose to ignore the truth. But when they feel acceptance they will start to share and listen. 

Jesus pierced through the heart of Levi and spoke to him “Follow me”. How many rabbis actually avoided tax collectors and sinners all those years and how can these people find consolation anywhere? When Jesus invited Levi, he must be so overwhelmed, all the while the rabbi rejected him, his own family abandoned him and even though he was not happy with himself, he was hurt and sick. He might have thought to himself “why does nobody want to understand my problems?” Maybe Levi was having a difficult time with his family so he opted this way to prove himself. But being rebellious made him choose the wrong choices in life and he was trapped in the circle of sins. Jesus came and offered him to follow Him, a long awaited acceptance finally arrived. He quickly left his job because he must be very unhappy in this job and now he had found a new purpose. He arranged for a feast and invited all his friends over trying to show his friends his new found purpose. When we are questioned by people who don't understand our plan, try not to treat them as enemies and avoid them. When a confusion arises it is an opportunity for us to explain our mission and reason. Always have an opening heart and ear to allow ourselves to listen to others and at the same time discern the voice of God in everything that we do.

Jesus is the doctor, he stands in front of our house, he knows our innermost hearts, he knows what is evil and good, he knows our problems and our issues. He doesn't judge us, but he wants to heal us. That's why he came to seek us. A doctor knows what sickness is like but we are no doctors so we don't know when we have sin. Allow the doctor to do His work and listen to Him. His word is the prescription for our sickness to make us well and become virtuous. He will heal us by His grace and spoken word. Take heart and hold firm to His word. 

##### Action
Listen to Jesus and follow His way.